Add settings location for each OS (#839)
bluerobotics/ping-viewer: docs/logging-and-user-files.md

#### Waterfall Gradients

[Custom gradients](display-settings.md#custom-gradients) (.txt) should be placed in this folder.

#### Settings

> Ping Viewer uses the native settings environment of each operating system, you can reset the settings with the [reset settings button](https://docs.bluerobotics.com/ping-viewer/application-information/#header-buttons) or removing the settings in your computer, that is located under:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ping Viewer uses the native settings environment of each operating system, you can reset the settings with the [reset settings button](https://docs.bluerobotics.com/ping-viewer/application-information/#header-buttons) or by manually removing the settings in your computer, they are located under:
```
